Your Highness.
I'm sorry I kept this from you.
I'm in love with someone.
But I also thought it over and over again.
That's why I broke off the engagement with you.
How could Shen Miao be here?
I've been timid since childhood.
It requires a great deal of effort.
Only then can you face your true self.
You have always been uninhibited.
I only hope...
You can also face your true feelings.
Shen Miao's crush is Sister Zhaohua.
But Sister Zhaohua is in love with the Crown Prince!
Crimson.
Sister Zhaohua.
I am indeed different from normal people.
I...
I am...
Crimson.
I was indeed a little scared at that moment.
Sorry.
I should be the one apologizing to you first.
So...
Are you still afraid of me?
I'm not scared anymore.
And you?
Would you still like to be my friend?
Yes.
Very willing.
Today is the Mid-Autumn Festival.
We can make mooncakes.
Sister Zhaohua.
I know the person you love is the Crown Prince.
But tell me...
Could you truly never love Shen Miao?
He's a hypocrite.
He's very stubborn.
But I have a soft heart.
He's not that bad.
I relied on his protection when I was young.
But absolutely...
I won't fall in love with him.
Prince.
What exactly happened?
Qingniang.
Do you still remember?
When His Majesty named me.
Why was the word "mistake" used?
Yes.
His Majesty is reminding the Prince.
No mistakes can be made.
If I made one mistake as a child,
He locked me up.
and punished me with thorn whips.
He told me:
Once a person makes a mistake.
you must bear
the price you deserve.
But what did you do wrong, Your Highness?
I fell for
The person I shouldn't love.
so I deserve punishment.
Shen Miao, where are you?
Please, please don't let anything happen to you!
Prince.
Have you really thought this through?
I am willing to take punishment first.
and keep making mistakes.
Qingniang.
Let's get started!
He is clearly not Xiao Xiangyun.
Why did I think he would die?
I would be so sad.
How did you get here?
I know.
Why are you so resistant to me?
But I don't want to die.
I don't want you to die either.
What are you doing?
You can...
Treat me like Sister Zhaohua.
And did you
Did you go looking for other handsome men?
No.
The hairband fell off.
You are you.
No one else.
I do not need anyone else.
Your Highness's legs need more attention.
I heard that you and the Imperial Uncle.
The engagement has been dissolved.
Does that mean we can...?
I broke off the engagement because
If this marriage is completed blindly...
it would turn one mistake
into an even bigger one.
Just like your legs,
my heart
also needs treatment in time.
So today,
I came to Bichen Palace willingly.
Was it just for my medical treatment?
It wasn't entirely for treating illness.
There are so many imperial physicians in the palace who can cure diseases.
It doesn't matter if I'm one more.
After the Flower Festival,
I went to find my grandfather.
to discuss our future.
At a grand rite like the Flower Festival,
you made me Flower Goddess.
I was somewhat worried.
Past Flower Goddesses.
They all chose women who possessed both virtue and talent.
You are literate and skilled in medicine.
You heal the sick,
and aid the poor.
You are the most suitable choice.
But...
The Flower Goddess's chosen attendant.
I'd like to discuss something with you.
What do you think of Jiang Zhu?
She was agile and protected me several times.
I also became acquainted with her.
That's quite suitable.
At every key point in Luoxia Forest,
I led people to search thoroughly.
There was no trace of the Jade Waist Slave.
My men are incompetent.
Please punish me, Your Highness.
I've searched for twelve years without finding a single clue.
What will you be punished for?
Prince.
The existence of the Jade Waist Slave is a major threat to the court.
We should send more people.
to strengthen the troops.
Alright.
As for this matter,
I'm already thinking of other solutions.
You've had a tough time lately.
Let's take a break first.
Shen Miao.
You've been acting strange lately.
You always do as I please.
But people are avoiding me.
Has something happened?
I...
My teacup spilled.
It didn't fall over.
Prince.
An imperial edict has arrived from the palace.
Flower Festival?
Flower Goddess?
What is this?
The Flower Festival is the most solemn celebration in our dynasty.
The royal family will then join the people in praying for blessings.
This year's Flower Goddess is Miss Qin.
On the festival day,
She was in charge of the blessing ceremony.
The Flower Attendant assists the rite
and protects her safety.
I want to be Zhaohua's Flower Attendant.
To protect her.
That's great!
Qingniang.
Prepare the carriage.
This.
Go now.
Yes.
Where are we taking the carriage?
I'll escort you out of the city.
I will definitely return to Luoxia Forest in five days.
Go back to where you came from.
You're sending me away?
I can protect Sister Zhaohua.
This has nothing to do with
whether you can protect Zhaohua.
Then what is it about?
You don't need to know.
It's my affair.
Why can't I know?
This year's Flower Festival
Shen Yuheng was in full charge.
and he personally chose the Flower Attendant.
He also personally selected them.
He already knows your identity.
He must have had his reasons for doing this.
But...
That's an imperial edict.
If I leave,
What will you do?
I have my own way.
I have already stayed at the Prince of Yan's residence.
all these days.
He and everyone in the mansion lived together day and night.
I'm leaving.
It will cause trouble for the Prince of Yan's residence.
Alright.
Don't worry about it.
With this manor
and me here,
it will be fine.
Prince.
Bichen Palace sent people
to take Miss Jiangzhu into the palace.
Okay.
Maybe you're overthinking it.
The Crown Prince was my savior before.
He won't harm you.
He may be your benefactor,
but in his eyes,
You are a Jade Waist Slave.
Didn't you say
that once people understand me,
they won't fear me?
Shen Yuheng is the Crown Prince.
He will take advantage of you.
I grew up in the palace since I was a child.
That imperial city was full of scheming.
Using
your trust,
he'll make it worthless.
You're worried about me.
so you're stopping me.
You used to treat me like an oddball too.
They want to beat me or kill me.
But you see, you're starting to get to know me.
I'm starting to get to know you.
You made me realize that people have many facets.
My instincts tell me
The Crown Prince is not that kind of person.
If...
He really is that kind of person.
then I was blind.
I...
What should I do?
I'm not going to be friends with him anymore.
Naive.
Okay.
We all know the imperial edict.
There's no way to change it.
Shen Miao.
If this is a gamble,
Would you let me be willful just this once?
MkvDrama.Net